that's exactly what I look like Oh
perfect Wow look at the bar oh that was
you know what the beetle say man
now get by with a little help nope can
you see it flashing I think she's still
taking pictures hey I got killer what I
don't look like a futon to you maybe
this will be better
here
I got him this mixes
hey hey oh come on dude seriously take
it gets black I can do this dude just
address your ass and I wish
dude you ready go well hey it's all good
Jimmy Buffett concert and not one
motherfucker was fucking long be a beer
deal despair me man thank you remember
that shit motherfuckers on the river are
cool you're welcome sir ok I got your
that guy too
Peter fucking in